chore: add Express docs (#10850)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/error-tracking/_snippets/node-install-error-tracking.mdx

```

> Express handles uncaught errors by default. You will need to call `setupExpressErrorHandler` with your PostHog client and Express app if you are using the Express framework and want to autocapture exceptions.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using the Express framework you will need to call `setupExpressErrorHandler` with your PostHog client and Express app. This is because Express handles uncaught errors internally meaning exception autocapture will not work by default.
```
